She dropped her chemistry class.
We agreed that it was the best meal we had ever eaten.
We laughed and celebrated.
She decided she didn't like fish anymore.
She jeered and yelled at him.
Peg wasn't interested in tasting it.
The optometrist gave him comfortable sneakers.
He was thrilled as he speed through the quiz.
He was fired for being a bad teacher.
It was an awful day.
Joe spat out the cold ice cream.
Lola flew to Europe for a three month vacation.
I feel like I'm living a dream come true, thanks to Chicago!
There is no food in my house.
The results were inconclusive and Abe didn't care.
I soon learned all I could about steam engines.
Tara got a great reference from her old boss.
George immediately hung up.
He was happy because he hated the bird.
Eli loved rap music.
Jackson felt terrible after the trip.
Icy decided to never skate again.
Since the battery was dead, she threw it away.
Joe signed up for another yoga class.
Laura sold the cake so she could afford new shoes.
Baby Martin was sick of bananas.
Amanda walked back to the car.
But we were bored.
Wendy told them the number was actually forty two.
He pinched his nose constantly avoid the smell.
Greg and the girl danced together all night long.
I burned all of the books I owned.
He didn't know how to play football.
The next night Amy and her mother ate in front of the TV.
Jo's mother punched her in the face.
He left the court in a fit of anger.
The squirrel ran free.
We did not see any paintings.
Blanche was very concerned and scared by her weight loss.
Flossie was proud of what she did.
Tina's husband suggested it would make a good pet.
Everyone was disappointed in Casey.
Carol liked knitting and sailing.
The man allowed John to take the gift back.
Neil had a great time during his vacation to America.
She went back up and shredded all the papers.
She told Rufus that he could not buy her car.
She looked in disgust and slammed the door in Daniel's face.
Jamie prefers to watch movies to reading books.
Mary then got a job as a plumber.
We were all so grateful.
Max won the game.
Her grandson is upset with Louisa.
Devin and friend ignored the game and watched TV.
She poured the bag of candy in the trash and left.
Tim did not want Sam to come over anymore.
They decided never to visit the beach again.
All the kids congratulated him on a job well done.
Ali was glad she had joined the bowling league.
The boy had never seen a tennis racket before.
His family was very disappointed.
Rachel asked her husband for a divorce.
Gina decided to order pizza instead.
I decided recommend the company to others.
Beth wished that she had a daughter.
Bryce never wanted to talk to the girl again.
Caroline refers diet soda.
I then had to pay a large bill.
She didn't like the art she bought.
They both hated each other.
I opened the door and walked to the mailbox in my shorts.
We decided to feed the cake to the seagulls at the lake.
Sam grabbed the ball from Jerome.
Lucy was so amused!
Jake loved the movie!
I never liked my mom.
Despite his dedication, he gave eating well up and never lost it.
Dan put on his heaviest winter clothing.
Jeff vowed to never go snowboarding again.
Anthony decided to go to Starbucks.
Jane couldn't find Kate anywhere.
The band had never sounded better than they did that night.
Mick purchased the jacket for twelve dollars.
Gina turned off her phone because she didn't have any texts.
Coy bought a more expensive pair of sneakers.
Neil went home instead of doing any sightseeing in Finland.
Michelle did not like computers.
I stopped liking Broadway shows after that.
Vianna suddenly decided she didn't have any questions.
The DMV hired her on the spot.
Jake wore a cowboy hat.
The frat scolded him.
She then turned it back on to check her messages.
We went outside to play baseball.
Heather was disappointed in herself.
She borrowed a belt from her mom.
Tyler decided he was a natural at this.
They had to clean up after the bunny every day.
I weight 299 pounds.
Lonnie thanked his sister for repaying him with interest.
He put the couch on the curb and bought a new one.
I let my dog eat it.
Jasmine loved playing pinball.
I went to a drive-in theatre to watch my movie.
Sarah took another sip right away.
I decided to drive at that time of night every night.
Gina got angry and did not want to talk to her mother.
Chief took up smoking in the place of drinking,
Gina was very calm.
He didn't have any money for gas.
Kathie gave the baby up for adoption.
Rudy's parents decided not to get him a dog.
It was a pretty sight.
Bob felt pride and satisfaction in what had happened.
John got a raise in pay.
Eva found an orange!
He decided to go back in the house.
She threw it away, and never painted again.
Ellen watched her dad chop the tree for firewood.
Rachel had a great day.
He was sweaty all day.
Alice and Bob were happy with the way Chuck made his money.
The sand castle was smaller than the family expected.
Jake was depressed when he saw the condition of the old house.
Lauren went for a ride on her horse.
The driver saw this and kept driving.
Jill never spoke to Leonard again.
I was then eaten by the dog.
Tom decided he was disinterest and wanted to go home.
Bev was upset her parents threw away her diary.
Jane arrived at the airport six hours early.
Drew told Larry not to call him again.
She smeared dirt all over the dress.
My mother told them they could keep me indefinitely.
Key quit the team.
Gayle did not like feeding the farm animals.
Quentin went to school.
Kate never went back to the school.
Little Richie felt guilty.
Bob went out to the beach.
The Lamberts then went to another restaurant.
Amy's mom wanted to hang out with her next time.
Tim asked Jane to play on the merry go round.
He vomited all over the judges during his deadlift.
I always take a small carry-on with me when I fly.
Maria told Tony that she wanted a divorce.
Jay was now more terrified of dogs than ever before.
Gina decided she was working to briskly and should take a break.
I told them that I was happy with their service.
I was sad we went to the zoo.
Amy was so disappointed!
The woman told the judge she indeed had been speeding.
Eric got a second plate of pizza and french fries.
Kelly's daughter started laughing.
Carla went home as early as possible to get away from this place.
Tea put another piece of gum in her hair.
Susan went out and treated her friends to a steak dinner.
It was the cheapest pair of jeans she ever bought.
Mike had a terrible time.
Ned decides to throw away the vegetables.
She saw that the customer had never come back for any items.
I can't wait to try out some new programs on it.
Rachel had a terrible time.
She broke the CD over knee, and threw it in the trash.
My boss was angry with me for being late on the latest report.
Tiff loved being overweight.
Briana loved crashing.
Amy told the actors she could have performed better.
The 100th caller was elated to win the prize.
Steve decided to treat himself to ice cream.
Bernie loved phone calls from strangers.
Sue doesn't like animals.
Chase and his girlfriend broke up.
Kim missed her pet dog.
Jill's boyfriend was delighted to receive a ticket to Disneyland.
Her niece hated the Easter basket.
Megan chased Mark for a mile before he gave it back.
I hoped my computer would erase my stories.
I comforted by cat after I stepped on her tail.
Carson finished the mile in record time.
Ed was surprised at how much the tools cost.
Ivan went sprinting through the forest.
Janet dropped out of university.
He decided he hated nature.
The old woman released the cat into the streets.
Jane was proud of what she had done.
My pie won a blue ribbon for most flavor in the baking contest.
She decided never to play music again.
We then grabbed a small kitten.
Next time I'll leave my girlfriend at home.
Bob then felt much better.
Bob offered the applicant a job at his company.
The speaker fell off the roof.
Keith was happy because he got a new bike.
My niece was thrilled that her fiancé was sick.
Timmy went on a vision quest in the desert.
They went back to their rooms to play video games.
She immediately removed the photos from her Facebook page.
Jimmy hated cats.
The DMV said I did not need to fill out the form.
Tara's mother wore the shirt the day of the prom.
Sigmund and his friend moved in together as roommates.
Sarah tried to fit all her pets into the kennel.
His team gave up because they saw no way to win.
Laurie invited the woman to dinner.
Sarah and Dan's friend wasn't close to them.
She laughed in Leroy's' face.
James did not have any money.
Susie was excited by the great news.
Victor was not surprised.
Bob was overjoyed when he opened the fridge.
But then she decided not to watch her favorite show.
Gina became excited to see her grandpa.
Bod and Sally decided abandon their daughter.
I broke down in tears and skipped the rest of my classes.
She drank the root beer float.
Beth and Amy decided to go on the ride a second time.
The driver laughed the whole way home.
Fred was a male rabbit.
Haley is a cat person.
Tom was sad.
I punished my kids by grounding them for a long time.
I felt relieved and satisfied.
Norm thought the gift was terrible.
Jan refused to eat.
Rose was very upset with her friend.
Joe loved the trip to the river.
Everyone was sad that I brought snacks and drinks.
She was repulsed, and ran all the way home.
Jenny was sad because her tooth was pulled.
Ora decided to never smile again.
Brady decided to go for a run.
Kim gave Santa a big hug.
I was the only person who was sad.
Connie decided to buy a pet cat.
Jennifer thought hiking was stupid.
Faye wished she hadn't stolen the check from her friend.
Trina was happy that she maintained her diet.
Jan was excited to see dirt and dung fly into her mom's mouth.
The man turned and went home alone.
I put another one in the microwave to defrost.
Jane changed all four tires,
He was so excited.
The mailman delivered a parcel.
She cried after losing her job.
Amy felt much better.
Shay refused the woman's offer.
My friend gave me a big smile and a hug.
Doreen's mom laughed and made fun of her.
Tim's girlfriend was upset because of his gesture.
Eric rescued the turtle from the deep mud.
The paper I bought was a reasonable purchase.
The following year, he easily made the swim team.
I had to do everything myself.
He sold his bike for a car.
Kate had a great time on the date.
I became a shark on Wall Street.
The Smiths were mad at the builders.
They decided to cancel the vacation.
I put in an application at Walmart.
My mother then dried me off.
Brad put on a hot dog uniform and became a baseball mascot.
Tommy was very sad that his parents did not buy him a cat.
Joe said nothing special happened that day.
Marco goes to sleep.
Our family decided to put my niece up for adoption.
My brother then demanded the candy back.
Ted didn't really need a computer.
Gina decided to go jogging.
The Blues won the baseball game.
Jon shrugged and never petted his dog again.
Jeff was very rested in the morning.
The t-shirt was a terrible color and I loved it.
Mister Pink thanked Marie for her help.
Jerry loved pizza.
Mary got on a plane to go to her destination.
My brother wore a red shirt.
Tom's shoelaces started coming untied more often.
The shoe store gained several customers.
That was why no one liked her.
I hope Stacy invests in gold or another precious metal.
Sal was unemployed.
Greg was promoted by his manager.
Brian's teacher praised Brian's performance on the test.
Artie was glad this happened.
I decided I wasn't a good writer.
James was ashamed.
Danny hated peanut butter.
Timmy was upset that Billy Idol would visit him.
We decided to never come to Amsterdam again.
Fred felt agitated.
Candice was sad that people didn't like her apartment.
Tim was relieved his dog ran out.
Tony then ate the small casserole.
Mary stayed home due to the weather.
The mechanic was given a promotion.
Susan got rid of her other dog when she got a new puppy.
Anna does not have neighbors.
The painting turned bright pink!
Aaron was furious because his tuxedo was ruined.
I turned the GPS off and found a better way.
Jill asked him for a pizza.
We enjoyed our time playing ping pong with grandpa.
They were eating pizza.
Kathy decided to become a sushi chef.
My mom missed the old furniture.
George deleted his hard drive.
Alice put the pudding right into the garbage disposal.
Amelia was upset her friend taught her to sew.
He stopped playing games.
She told her grandma to find her own ride.
The woman thought Olaf was useless.
Doug and Patty did not sell much lemonade.
The network cast her in the show.
Molly laughed in Mark's face and left.
I shook the student's hand and thanked him.
I was really excited about my dress.
Jake wore a navy blue suit.
Jill was suspended for not asking her question.
Jimmy ate a sandwich for lunch.
Lary had never been so calm in all his life.
Gina's neighbors complained that she was spying on them.
The old man threw rock at the dogs until they left his property.
Jack didn't bother to close the window.
The mayor had just emerged from a seedy back-alley motel.
The therapist told the mother everything her son had said.
Janie hated cats.
Pam's favorite store was Saks Fifth Avenue.
I had such a horrible time I never went out with them again.
Darla decided to make the spider a pet.
He was happy about how well he skateboarded that day.
I won't eat pizza for a long time.
John's assignment was the best looking in his class.
The chipmunk was so terrified it bit Ed's hand.
He placed the stool on the deck.
Charlie stole a car.
Amy threw a brick through the window of the shop.
He hates that he met so many people.
The house owners came home and welcomed the kid.
Jane quit her classes and took up accounting.
Sue was relieved that her sore throat cures worked.
Sammy ran away from home and Greg.
I felt very satisfied.
I hate it there because it's so expensive.
The children apologized to Jane.
Jane bought one of the desks.
She was very disappointed.
Mike was sure he would pass through without incident.
I asked for a second round of the same drink.
Chuck kicked his dog away from him.
Ray hoped they would not admit him.
I decided I didn't want to work anymore.
He was very happy that the program took that amount of time.
Being accepted made Joe very sad.
Sarah decided videogame were stupid.
She bought a cat and let it roam the house.
Rob was glad his employees thought so highly of him.
Jacob did not want to take a pumpkin home.
Kay was relieved because she had moved on to peppermint.
Megan's coworker was proud of her.
Tina was glad she got her exercise for the day.
Cora's face was swollen.
She angrily told him to get out.
Her dad took the car to the mud races.
Randy bought a lizard with his dad.
Johnny didn't care about the bike.
Mike didn't like the dogs or cats.
He turned and went back home instead.
I felt very free and relaxed.
He was sad about getting the coupons.
Jerry stayed in the dark because he forgot to buy any light bulbs.
Micky made reservations at a motel.
Abby went to the pantry and got her dog a Milk Bone.
Del's wife told him that she had breast cancer.
My boss fired me.
My friend really enjoyed getting bitten by the cow.
Neil was bored of the trip and went home.
Neil decided not to come to London anymore.
That night Sam told his wife that he wanted a divorce.
He shot at the deer, but missed.
Tori was happy her mother knew.
Paula's mother took a seat next to Paula.
He poured all of the ice down the drain, and went to sleep.
Ky grabbed hair paint and colored her hair.
I left the table before she could speak.
I went to the gym and exercised.
Bob was proud of his cat.
Rob kicked the other player as hard as he could!
Pam was impressed with the babysitter.
Lindy decided she didn't like men.
Afterward, Barbara decided not to wear the earrings.
James felt great about his performance.
Sam was very grateful for getting the job.
I bought all of the clothes that were made in America.
I hope he gets worse at it.
Sandy bought three new homes.
I broke up with my girlfriend the same night.
Kari refused to wear the new sweater.
Thomas punched his friend in the face.
Sally threw the package away.
Rico decided to take another nap.
She hates the new jacket.
He was the best swimming coach they had ever had.
Sally's went home and went to sleep instead.
Vera drove home safely.
Lynn wanted Amy to tell her all about being an adult.
Donna couldn't believe how selfish her husband was.
We are so angry.
Mona drove back home immediately.
I was upset that the flowers weren't more dead.
She then proposed to Sloan.
Bay made it on the hockey team.
Josh enjoyed riding on the huge yacht.
Tonya laughed hysterically at the fish.
David's father then thanked him.
Mom was making me upset all day.
She confronted the barista and demanded a new coffee be made.
June ignored him and walked away.
It was not a very fun swimming day after all.
Chuck couldn't get a table so he left.
Ed ate his peanuts.
Liz was glad they were sleeping so well.
Hope is expected to celebrate her birthday alone.
He decided to dive that way every time from now on.
She relished the taste of her banana sundae.
Mary was really upset with Kim.
Jimmy accused the officer of harassing him.
The family wished they had visited Colorado.
Andre could not drive.
Tom and Sally didn't want to have kids anymore.
The butterfly village was very uninformative.
Denise didn't know what to do when she ran out of money.
She sold a lot and bought delicious treats with the money.
He was happy when the dog ignored him.
Sara successfully made some pants.
Tracy would not leave Mr Washington alone.
Jen then spent time with her family.
Her sister laughed hysterically.
She threw the beads away when she got home.
She decided to go to the ballet.
She asks her friends to help her take the mirror to the dump.
Bob enjoyed his time in the pool.
I felt warm and happy.
Gina was glad to get the attention she desired.
The cult sacrificed the child in the name of Ba'al.
I was happy to have found everything I needed.
Ruth and Iris didn't need to tell her anything.
Kate wished she had someone to text on her phone while working.
She felt amazing.
Sally decided to buy some new boots at the mall.
The next week, Steven went to the movies with friends.
The ambulance driver decided to stop for lunch on the way.
Alice decided to climb tall trees more often.
I threw away my sandwich.
Everyone began laughing, and walked out of the class.
Lenny became a powerful hypnotist.
Abby's dad went on to park the car in the garage.
Cindy started to do jumping jacks.
Neil later hated the country.
Mable didn't want to have a pet coon.
She fed them to her cat.
Ken decided to quit playing football.
My mother left the casserole in the oven too long and it burned.
Matt would keep the children where they are.
Her cafe went out of business.
Joe had to walk to the voting place.
Lou went to school to learn about IT support.
She enjoyed practice a lot.
Janet was happy about that.
I was very angry with my cousin afterwards.
Jenna was glad that she wasn't forgetful.
I hope I drop the batons.
Kyle swam out of the pool alone and went home.
My nephew was sleeping the whole time.
I always hated having to drive that huge tractor around.
Zach decided not to move.
Abe hated working in the cosmetics field.
When they got outside they decided to get ice cream instead.
Jenny started to cry.
She felt very unmotivated.
Ina and her family sat down for breakfast.
He rolled over, and went back to sleep.
The whole experience confirmed my distaste for opera singing.
He immediately quit exercising.
Kenny looked forward to conquering his fears.
Gina threw away the cookie dough when she got home.
Susie told the worker she needed a new smartphone.
Scott decided to swim across the lake.
Tory let the dog into the house.
Branda awoke feeling refreshed.
Sam hit a homerun.
They separated, and never spoke again.
Sara decided to go grab some water.
Lee decided law enforcement would be the career for him.
Sharon vowed to never return to the animal shelter.
Lisa was ashamed to deliver the ugly cake to the wedding.
Katie hated her a lot.
Gloria hated Bingo because the prizes were boring.
After one look, she didn't look at it for the rest of the night.
Cal did not want to eat any ice cream.
Jill was not well rehearsed enough and performed poorly.
They went to an all night dance club.
Marie felt fear more than ever.
But when she told her husband, he got mad.
Kristen vowed to never use coupons again.
Lana became incredibly obese and struggled with her weight later.
Frank doesn't like football.
Jim only had eighty dollars.
Bill's mom was pleased at how dinner turned out.
Brian was not a very good driver.
Mitch was upset that the acne cream didn't work.
Tommy then bought a new car.
Jack thinks he could never be a good graphic artist.
He does not watch enough TV.
Jan decided not to invite anyone on her birthday trip.
Joey hates pasta.
Alice thinks pit bulls make dangerous pets.
I saw the man every day.
Tom will most likely pass the class.
Nina quit drawing.
Allison hated music.
Lexi thought that the pie was delicious.
Annie was angry that her ankle wasn't more injured.
My sister never wants me to sell items for her again.
Aaron's old dog was useless.
Everyone in class started walking around.
Lewis vowed never to go skating again.
Holly decided to give the kid up for adoption.
Paul sold his golf clubs and entered a nursing home.
Harris then played catch with his dad.
Her boyfriend redecorated her apartment.
Sadie never grew tomatoes again.
I walked toward her and screamed in her face for being rude.
Sam loved that elevator.
Tom gave the clocks to his sister who was always late for work.
He thought fishing was boring.
Susan really hates eating hot fudge sundaes with her grandpa.
Wendell continued to get worse at swimming.
The coach ate his vegetables.
Joanie's mom was happy she had made some friends.
Sue continued to drink alcohol.
They were angry they had come to the new restaurant.
Harris decided to toss the money in the lake.
Amy called her friends as soon as she could.
Gina didn't care if the librarian returned.
Bani was upset that he had to go to the museum.
Ben was upset he'd gone shopping.
Alison ate an ice cream sandwich.
She felt energized and alert all morning.
There weren't any more survivors.
I did not food, so I drove straight home.
Sarah was very sloppy when using her Legos.
Sallie punished Gibbie.
Mike stole the Sega to sell it for cocaine.
I gave her a raise, and a promotion.
She found her cat hidden under the couch.
Amy became happy.
Larry orders a pizza.
Tim decided to buy a boat.
Carl and Stacey enjoyed their date.
He walked away, and never looked back.
Rex decided that he never wanted to do that again.
I never liked the things my grandma said.
They had fish for dinner that night with extra fish eyes.
He used his knowledge to become a professional taxi driver.
Tam took the kids to Canada.