My friends decided to keep inviting me out as I am so much fun.
It reminded me of how much I loved spring flowers.
Avery thought her children would be happy with her decision.
Josh thought that the pie was delicious.
John then got an idea for his painting.
The cashier invited the men to her high school reunion.
They liked me a lot after that.
Kerry was disappointed.
Franny ended up getting deported.
When he finished his paper he went to bed.
Ari's pickles are sweet.
Trudey called her sister and asked her to come to dinner.
The pair then went out to pick olives.
Aaron broke up with her.
Oliver decided to not get married.
Sarah broke her leg.
Kelly was mad about that.
Deb told Tim she was only interested in woman.
I thought the cereal was delicious.
To this day I hate checkers.
Amy spent all of her money on clothes.
Dave bought an entire case.
Gina asked her grandpa what kind of flowers he liked best.
Ramona had no reason to want to change jobs.
At the end of the summer I gave the money back to my parents.
Felipe never wanted to go to Germany again.
Miles got up and walked away.
Johnny wanted to ask Anita out again.
He got up and decided to go for a jog.
Tom felt prepared for the test.
He then stopped eating because he was full.
Jill and her dad took one kitten home.
I was hit in the face with a football and got a black eye.
The other dog got the better of him and bit his ear.
Peter hated Christmas.
The judges ate Yao's vegetables without rewarding him.
Mary lost her job because she didn't have any stamina.
He told me to go to hell.
His friend was so offended he asked Scott to leave.
He played terribly.
Beth's dog had been hit by a car!
The water was very still.
Her best friend felt angry.
Gordon is fired for being late to the meeting.
They complemented each other on how tasty the cake was.
Mike was glad he didn't walk around the schoolyard.
Kara bought a pet cat and dyed it pink.
We then let her go swimming.
The harpooner emerged on a surfboard.
Sarah was delighted she dropped the toast.
We then left six flags and went home.
She decided she didn't like babies.
The ocean was a calm as a bathtub.
Jeff quit his job that day.
Josh loathed the outdoors.
We decided to leave after sitting down.
She was very allergic to poison ivy.
I know I'll eat pears one day.
She was disappointed.
He cried incessantly and begged to go home.
He didn't look for the tuna.
She had been away on a trip in Alaska for some time.
Lira became one of the rapper's roadies.
Caitlin's sister took the punishment justly.
Andrea gave the dog to a stranger.
Will was very upset that Anna said yes.
Ellie cried both times because she didn't want to ride the ride.
I got back up to finish the game.
My rehab therapist is a narcissist.
My girlfriend just completed a degree in Soil Management.
A stranger had stolen her purse.
Pete quit his job, and never looked back.
I was not happy to hear from her so we broke up.
She couldn't help but burst into peals of laughter.
Gina was sad.
Agatha decided to buy two more.
Their parents said they had to complete their chores first.
He told me to cut it myself.
Sandra told the agent to leave her alone.
She told them that she did not have the cake.
Then Sarah gave up on learning Algebra.
Lewy decided to throw all the worthless tractor parts away.
Bill is ashamed.
Dan gave up and released the dog back into the wild.
The teacher got up and walked home leaving the papers behind.
The Bradleys turned around and drove home.
Don and his wife gave up and went home.
Missy got another tattoo on her cheek.
John had a burger and fries for dinner.
No one in town cared to attend the game.
All of his roommates were sick of coffee.
Maggie hates to spend time with her smelly dog.
Ella was mad because her boyfriend was so critical.
Ben goes to the gym every day.
Our daughter felt depressed.
Chris could not sell any eggs.
The kids then began to write their own songs.
Mom slapped Chief Brody for not closing the beaches.
They spent the afternoon reading books together.
Will was then fired from his job.
Bob proudly showed his house to the cleaners.
My girlfriend did not want to go on anymore dates with me.
I did not find the food tempting at all.
She swatted the dog with a newspaper.
Rufus was not very musical.
The stereo was perfectly fine.
She was very proud of herself.
Kate did not sell any doughnuts.
It was the best apple juice that they had ever had.
Lily hated writing.
Drew kept his car clean this way.
Sally was happy.
Gordon thought overgrown grass was rustic and appealing.
So, Mary decided to go get a coffee rather than wait for the bus.
I could not come up with any ideas.
Cora then confronted Dawn about doing it.
Sam hated it.
Alma wished she had never gone to that restaurant.
Tim opens his own coffee shop across the street.
The cake still wasn't prepared correctly.
They buy a yacht.
Kate and Greg licked the candy gleefully.
Larry enjoyed the interaction he received from those artists.
They decided to never return to the resort.
I slammed down a glass and stormed out of the restaurant.
I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
Amy hated her family.
Shannon bought a dog to replace it.
Sandy still could not see in her home!
Her parents stole her key.
Hank bought a black car.
It's bound to be the best Christmas ever.
Clayton gives his car away.
Horatio will never travel to a big city again.
He jumped up and several of the bees stung him.
Henry wished he looked like the handsome mailman.
Samantha thinks her bus looks pretty now.
Alex skipped his Economics class because it was so hard.
They were all pleased that Ivan had turned on the oven.
The worker told Molly to keep using the computer she had at home.
She gave him a cookie for being so nice.
Greg got a job at a competing pharmacy for more money.
The man was glad he didn't cheat.
Maya started to laugh.
Her mom and dad were ashamed of her.
Anna was upset about doing poorly.
Neil then decided to eat the eggplant himself.
Cara's husband decided to go back to college.
The teacher yelled at the girl who had tripped.
Tanya never saw her sister again.
My husband loves to clean the dishes,
Joe found the movie very interesting and hated the pause button.
Sarah told John that she loves pineapple.
Sarah ate all the burritos.
Amy thought they tasted great.
The family felt they had wasted their time.
Jean dropped a letter in the mailbox.
Petey was very happy that the game was gone.
Tom dropped to a knee and asked Peyton to marry him.
Pam's friends won't talk to her anymore.
All was sad at the possibility of getting a strike.
Roberto was disappointed.
Eric then worked harder than ever and got promoted.
She was happy.
Jane decided not to go swimming anymore.
Susie was angry at the goat.
Deb wanted to meet new people.
Both of them did not do well on the test.
They gave Tom a new latte with more ice.
Andrew's boss gave him a raise for his excellent performance.
The cat jumped in the opposite direction.
I decided to drink some margaritas that night.
I prefer to take an ambulances.
Kyrie and the mouse then played.
Billy told the boy the baseball was stupid.
Kim loved her body shape.
Lucy was so disappointed.
Jill ran for president.
Ben decided to become a commercial driver.
Kim vowed to never return to Paris.
All the kids at Colin's school hated him.
The picture has a very nice frame, in my opinion.
We are sad about having a child.
Bob contemplated how unfriendly the world was.
Casey congratulated Tom and Susan when they came out.
I never drank coffee.
Sarah could not find anything to watch.
Benny decided to quit running.
Danny asked for more peas.
I could not find my way back from the post office.
The teacher rewarded everyone with candy.
Tom broke the wheel because he didn't like racing games.
Kevin and his girlfriend never got along.
My cousins started drinking more water.
Kim saved up enough money to buy a used car.
Gina got her pilot's license the next day.
He bought 10 pairs of pants.
My brother kept it that way.
Don went to eat chicken wings.
Brian's girlfriend left him.
Lizzie left all of her belongings to one child in her will.
Bob's business succeeded.
The coach asked Mike to put on a ballet costume.
The shark in the boat swung his head around and bit his leg.
All the girls quiet book club.
She called the police to report the suspected crime.
Everyone offered to buy the rich man dinner.
Opal's stew was better than her aunt's.
Linda did not like bananas.
Nelly had been looking forward to rain.
We threw the ice cream out after it was finished.
Ben was having so much fun there.
Dan did not like the idea of the dance.
Jill stopped talking to Lou.
Ed was delighted to see this.
John's dog fell asleep.
Sam's dentist removed all his teeth and made him dentures.
Tom's dad was not helpful ever.
Jill danced with excitement.
Paulo hates his candles.
Clint opened the door and invited them in for drinks.
Kayla became obsessed with giraffes and got a job at the zoo.
Ralph combed his long beard.
They loved Tiny.
David ran away from home.
While there I had my toe amputated.
Walter continued to pull up the stray plants.
She hated it.
Rory went to a restaurant and ate a huge meal.
Thomas was grateful his friends were so loyal.
Afterward the floor was sparkling and Mary was furious about it.
The mother put them up for adoption.
Gino got the job because of his experience.
James was having a great morning.
Janet won the first place trophy.
The waiter put the order in.
Jack swallowed the ball.
Kenya kissed the man under the mask.
She was so embarrassed she didn't tell anyone.
He found diced cucumbers.
She was sad her migraines went away.
Francine could not find any tips to help her.
He paid the chef $500 to prepare the meal.
I decided not to drink the beer.
They all thought sand castles were stupid.
Shawn hope to return the pillow.
Harry laughed and popped the balloon with a dart.
The neighbor had a history of minor kleptomania.
Jarrett did not give Tony money.
Amy made popcorn.
Starved he order nachos when he reached the bar.
My girlfriend dumped me for another man.
He had a terrible time at the party.
Ed's parents grounded him.
Felipe didn't like grits.
Olaf took a pinch of salt for the roll recipe.
Gina ate mincemeat pie every day.
Taylor was delighted by the news.
When Gina went home she told her mom what a great day she had.
Michael decided that using calendars wasn't worth it.
The new accountant told the supervisor he was quitting.
Cary danced around the pole to the music.
Aya hated plants.
Liza gently stroked the shark's fin.
They both congratulated me on my marriage.
We were so angry we sent them away immediately.
Tom never got the supplies he needed to build the boat.
He decided to go back to work instead.
Bradley passed and did well.
The earring had come into the possession of a traveling merchant.
He threw the rest of the mail in the box on the ground.
Harry was very happy.
Hank hates hairy faces.
Samantha told her date everything she knew about apples.
Tara was angered by this.
Earl was happy that the day was nice and calm.
Davids mom took him to get a kitten.
I can't sit through an entire baseball game without boredom.
It was one of the most enjoyable nights ever.
Canned blackberries have a long shelf life.
Mary felt very appreciated.
Ron didn't meet the requirements and got hired anyway.
Shelly was happy about the good haircut.
Penny was not very competitive.
Kimmy turned on her flashlight to scream at the owls in fright.
Sal ripped up his designs and threw them away.
Eric had been interested in keeping pigeons for years.
Stella decided to take as shower.
He didn't like drones.
Jordyn decided he didn't want to go to Disney World anymore.
We all hate diary products.
But Ray wasn't worried.
Rachel was inspired by their comments.
Ida re-installed the carpet in the living room the next day.
Now my sister-in-law enjoys hard candy and caramel apples.
Jon was angry at his friends.
Jimmy quit his job two weeks later.
Ray felt very proud of himself.
His dad praised him for his hard work.
Frank threw the wagon away.
Julie's teammates said she let down the team.
I now ride my bike or take mass transit to get around.
Molly is allergic to corn.
Tim told the driver to take him to Toronto.
I was disappointed.
Rich decided to pour himself a drink.
He decided it was time to get a new dog.
Dana wondered if there was any more ginger ale in the kitchen.
June packed her bag and bought the ticket to Madrid.
Janice was disappointed by her co-workers' reaction.
The stranger stole their coats from them.
I awoke to the smell of freshly baked cinnamon rolls.
They immediately gave me a band aide.
I kissed her.
Missy vowed never to go back to the carnival again.
He did not want to play in the snow.
Jim had always detested pizza.
Jessica told Anna a secret.
She went back home and changed into a pair of jeans.
She smiled, and went back to sleep.
Todd and his Mom hated the experience.
Steve decides to never have an egg hunt again.
Sheena felt great.
She went to the sauna.
I loved my job so much more after that day.
Ian threw it away.
Jane had little discipline.
Jon became friends with the pawn clerk.
Tom drank water directly from his kitchen faucet.
That date became Dans happiest memory.
Billy gave up reading.
But looking at it made Bill lose his appetite.
The bees did not bother Eric.
Bertha bought a jump rope.
Tim's family enjoyed the pepperoni pizza.
Kyle threw all the books on the ground.
He decided that was fun and to try tumbling again.
Eddie never watched wrestling again.
Sarah didn't pay her bill, so her power was shut off.
Angie wasn't nervous anymore.
Theo decided not to apply.
Amy had never been so bored.
Sam wished his family would leave.
I'm glad it's snowing.
He had forgotten to turn the stove on.
The Sullivans hated every minute of their visit.
Phil was very displeased by the guy behind the counter.
After that he gave up and bought a new one, without ever knowing.
She explained that Shane shouldn't have been caught.
Kristie was selfish and cold-hearted.
Neil had a great vacation in Mexico.
Tom went to pick wildflowers by the side of the road.
Cho's grades got much worse.
Pam was upset at herself.
Bill and his friends then went home.
The window stayed broken.
He couldn't figure out what to eat.
I then turned around drove back home.
Gertrude decides her husband may like the leopard print dress.
Mark started wearing the glasses.
Sara jogged without any incidents.
Gina thought the report was more important than her friend.
Kori graded the exams and all the students had failed.
Trudy hated the company she applied to.
Joe hated Maddy.
I felt ashamed of myself ever since.
He grabbed his golf clubs and went home.
Since the tire was okay, Marsha kept driving.
Ana then fixed the mechanic's car.
Julie threw the flower into the river.
Amy hated Ben with a passion.
Henderson had the close the store the next day.
Sandy poured some tea in a saucer for the mouse.
Janey hated doctors.
I wasn't able to locate my phone.
I decided to go for a walk.
Sam's dogs dug under the fence and ran away.
My brother decided that the movie was boring.
He made out with her boyfriend.
Randy was disappointed.
Laura didn't want to take care of the cat.
I decided to delete the finished paper.
The balls were quite dull.
Sicily was the worst place neil had ever been.
Eric giggled and bounced the ball happily.
Steve decided to go see Pixels instead.
Mark adopted a parrot.
I was a much better bowler than my brother.
Greg was disappointed with his gift.
Kay thought the art set was of great quality.
Collin received a raise and a promotion.
His dad told him how to make his chili.
He took the shirt off and threw it away.
Greg bragged to his neighbor about the tomatoes he planted.
Lloyd was perfectly healthy.
I started making more late night calls.
He took it all out and threw it in the trash.
She was very disappointed.
Bon and Luc had a great time in Germany.
We decided to go bowling to celebrate.
Jan was confused by the doctor's prescription.
He decided to call and thank his broker for the email.
Mike cried hysterically.
Polly's plants never bloomed.
Brenda did not like the instructors negative attitude.
Paul changed schools instead.
Andy's wrist was in great shape.
Ala immediately left for work.
Dana walked to work instead.
Saul never performed again.
She hung up on Heather and unplugged the phone.
The recruiter watched her play the next week and signed her.
I immediately took them out and put them in the fridge.
Eunice had a panic attack today.
A ship passed and he hid.
Beth didn't mind what her coworker did,
Jerry continued to run.
She was happy.
Travis gave it to the man for free.
I hate sports.
Lars used his money for drugs.
I was so embarrassed when I vomited on the sidewalk.
He was very angry at his boss.
Craig calls the person back and tells them to stop harassing him.
Sherry found the job of a teller did not pay the bills.
Joan was glad she could clip coupons at work.
My books are very disorganized.
The office worker gave up and checked into rehab.
Eli's parents felt proud about the choices he made.
Carla wasn't hungry.
Patricia hates rock music.
Nancy was a responsible parent.
Tina jumped on a train.
Marcus threw away the hat when he got home.
Malcolm greatly enjoyed being such a smart linguist.
I was glad when they finally left.
The rabbit hopped away.
My sister has a lot of homework.
Tim said he would not be able to afford the rent.
I wish it had rained more.
She sobbed quietly, feeling very lonely.
She blamed her mom for not warning her about the weather.
Ana hated corn.
Tom was excited about the turkey burgers.
I went with my new friend to the movies.
Paul decided not to do it.
The parents left the boy and went home.
His clothes were still white.
But she wanted to go home.
Tim compiled a report on rabbits.
I threw the cups in the garbage.
Thomas decides he likes tea better than coffee.
The man goes back to the house to talk to the family.
Jane took the children for ice cream since their father was drunk.
My parents bought a purple van with flowers on it.
Eric's teacher was pleased with his progress.
John began singing show tunes.
Theodore welcomed competition.
Tom recalled how he had never liked Allie.
Sue decides to go on a date with him again tomorrow.
She decided not to buy anything.
I can't wait to go on vacation tomorrow.
Jack ate it.
Amelia got poison oak.
Reggie soberly directed everyone back to their bunks.
Children has always annoyed Bob.
Larry hates cooking and would rather eat fast food.
Jake had never seen a squirrel before.
She ran off crying.
I heard on the news that night they sent the kidnapper to prison.
I realized playing baseball was really a lot of fun.
Florence never went fishing again.
Sarah's parents were waiting for her with flowers and candy.
The man shouted at the boys that it was a good throw.
The office worker began to sing a happy little tune.
She threw the teapot away.
Neil decided never to return to Romania.
I hope my plants die.
Stacey had no pets.
I hated the cat.
My dad went to work.
Betty was happy at management.
She decided to never play video games again.
She agreed with him and sat calmly as he finished.
Nita stripped down to her skivvies and ran outside that way.
Melanie put the large fire out with her foot.
Joe was glad that the sea was so calm that day.
Everybody loved the hot dogs.
Kyle took the children shopping for a gift for their mother.
He felt relieved that he did not talk with her.
We were furious that the boat came so close to our house.
Jolene loved what she was given.
Natalie made friends very easily.
I made a lot of money.
Eve decided that she hated writing.
Sam's sandals fell apart.
She decided she would eat a sandwich for lunch.
The barbecue did not go well.
They gave in and agreed to buy Cody a car.
I was glad that I caught up on my sleep.
Jen enjoyed her dinner with the judges.
I burned it in a fire.
He was so happy.
John unraveled his scarf and threw it into the garbage.
Fanny enjoys her new school.
He decided to go to a fast food restaurant by himself.
I tripped and spilled a bowl of Halloween candy on the porch.
Michelle then yelled at the man to let go of the mugger.
I shut the door and turned it up.
Iris purchased a case of beer.
I decided it was their problem and not to worry about it.
Harold left disappointed that his band never showed up.
Joe was happy to be having such a good day.
John was happy to be at home.
I decided to get a cat instead.
I laughed and asked for him to hit me harder.
He loved watching television.
He spent all of the money on ice cream and pie.
Janet created an imaginary brother and is institutionalized.
She decided it was a welcome addition and kept eating.
Their clothing was clean and dry at the end.
He decided not to play the drums anymore.
Leopold does not miss his iguana.
I felt glad I won.
She skipped even faster and more recklessly after that.
The man felt he could breath much better.
Ava was not happy with what her mother said.
She was disappointed that she never finished.
Agatha found the oven heat was too high.
Her son didn't know what she was talking about.
Tom was glad his cable picture had improved.
Hannah was upset that she didn't get to eat scrambled eggs.
John hates Jessie.
He found his cat, but the cat didn't have the shoe.
I hardly put any effort into writing the essay.
Amy then purchased them from the store.
I suggested he apply to for a cook's position where I worked.
Becky and her cousin both had copies of the book.
She gave him a five dollar tip.
Stevie was mad at his parents.
Gina stood up and walked home.
The people were trying to say hello to me.
Martina was delighted.
The baby cried because the dog ate her sandwich.
Jim was glad he didn't have to miss work for jury duty.
The supervisor gave him a raise.
Bill is a huge Broncos fan.
Nina was unable to control her addictions at all.
Paul brought his mistress to the party.
Bob and his uncle went out for a nice steak.
At her first gig, she realized she never learned how to play.
I went to the movies.
He hated picnics.
Joey loved everything about Disneyland except for Mickey Mouse.
Gina was able to breath freely.
Samantha bagged the poop.
Peter used his two dollars to buy shaving cream.
Pam gave up trying to trim Archie's claws.
Larry hated sandwiches.
He wore them after school.
At the end of their date, Sue thought Bill was a nice guy.
I drove past the theater and went back home.
Teresa decided to sell the pandas Miles gave her.
Bob drove home right after he made it to his parent's house.
John told her to stay away from him.
Billy failed the test.
The sink was not repaired.
Mary decided never to take her husband anywhere again.
Nathaniel was given up for adoption shortly after.
He used both of them all the time since they fit.
John's parents were quite ashamed of him.
Jane was relieved.
Mike hates water skiing.
Ally was upset with the vet for removing the spines.
Perry was a vegetarian.
Ellie did not like to do things on her own.
Jill's mother told her she was worthless.
Unicorn videos were Tracy's favorite.
Gina checkout a book about dolphins.
Charles was a very reckless careless person.
I kept eating pizza until I felt better.
Mac was disappointed with his tie choice.
I planned to visit Brock at his new job in London.
Anna's nightmares got much worse.
Charlotte did a great job of keeping her promise.
She never had George over for dinner again.
Kevin and John go out to eat.
Dylan spent the money on socks.
Andrew changed his mind and spent months at the summer house.
Jim wished it was summer time.
Lou hated the mall.
Carol asked Dan to buy her a box of Kleenex.
He was happy with the new cleaners.
Travis was proud of himself.
I was pleased with my concoction.
I couldn't wait to see some movies in the new theaters.
I left home to play with my cousin's dog.
Ben decided to keep the chair instead.
After graduation, he was only able to get a job at McDonalds.
He danced with joy at the fun night he was having.
Lucy was very angry she had to start ballet.
Amy's shorts were very comfortable.
I was very proud of myself.
They threw the game in the air.
The woman decided she would shop there again in the future.
She sent him a text asking if he wanted to see a movie.
Joey hates football.
Valerie hated the cat.
Audrey wished she had made friend that day at school.
I then woke up and went for a jog.
Tara got an ice cream.
George then felt too hot so he needed to cool off.
John then captured the crows as pets.
Cory's watch was on her wrist.
Adam ran from the group of boys as fast as he could.
Braden called back saying he didn't want the job anymore.
Everyone complimented him on his clean shoes.
Irene was too angry to attend the performance of the play.
I couldn't see the shark that attacked me in the ocean.
Gina broke into a song.
Gina knew every word and sang along.
Lee was disappointed in himself.
The water in Tim's town was the cleanest in the country.
The crowd booed.
Arthur was proud of what he had done.
Kim had a big bite of her burger.
John sat down on the bench.
Aaron then cooked the swan on his stove.
Jim didn't have any blood drawn.
Maddie couldn't wait for Max to meet her family.
I cried alone in my room.
Disgusted, she left.
I was happy.
She was evicted from her apartment.
Their business failed.
The kitten started eating all his cat food.
Jim was happy.
James gave up his cat for adoption.
Trisha let the children decorate the tree with popcorn.
Buttons was the happiest canary anyone had ever known.
Pat called her parents on the phone.
They were not worried about flooding.
Max made the spider his pet and grew quite fond of it.
Kyle refused to trade sandwiches with his friend.
Everyone agreed that Kenny had won the fight.
Fred was sad no one had ice for their drinks at the barbecue.
Jack decided to jump again because it felt great.
She was in a class with the same kids from last year.
Anna opened her umbrella.
I was nervous when they decided to schedule a surgical procedure.
Barry then went to see the new movie.
Ben was happy to hear that.
I decided to jump rope for the final test.
He was ashamed of himself.
Gina invited more people to the library.
This made me very happy.
He decided to visit Canada instead.
I surfed with my board for hours before heading home.
Lee's mom hated it.
Jeff then kept the ring.
Gina was pleased.
After that, the bear became very violent.
I caught several of the zebras.
Jamie decided she didn't like baseball anymore.
She was ashamed of what she was doing.
Billy could not grow good apple trees or apples.
Rick was sad his trip was not fruitful.
I was not happy with the results.
The eggs were empty.
He was never remembered.
Tina decides to go barefoot.
Lynn decided to stay home and play a game.
Brittany's father loved his solid blue scarf.
The family wondered how the dog was so overweight.
Gavin cancelled his archery lessons.
His mom turned her stereo up.
He didn't want to have fun at school.
Peter did not like the shoes and went home.
The turtle continued to sit in the sun.
I decided I didn't like concerts anymore.
Francis goes inside because he hasn't been home for days.
Tina ignored the client's requirements.
Curtis was kicked off of the team for his poor performance.
My kids and I are opening a lawn mowing company.
The baby then crawled around the home.
The store told Bob they don't fix glasses.
I felt very sad while watching the film.
The girl was wearing a floral perfume.
The mother was happy to receive the note.
Gina enjoyed funerals.
On his line was the biggest fish he had ever seen.
Mary was really happy she had gotten a dog.
Ara refused her solo.
Tim was glad that all the bugs were gone.
He was happy to never see the cup again.
Teaching was so easy that Lexi wanted to do it forever.
Jilly was insulted that he would say such a thing to her.
I bought my daughter some ice cream for listening so well.
Alex then finished the birdhouse.
Afterwards, Tuie.
Louis instantly fell asleep.
Jenny felt too sad to go on walks after that.
Mary thought it was the dirtiest lake she had ever seen.
She never danced again.
Jasper told the dogs to stop barking at the people in the street.
Sarah was excited to hear the news.
I was locked out and had to move to a new home.
Ted wondered about the strange smell emanating from the table.
Jess didn't like taking photos.
When we started driving again the roads were completely dry.
Her mom congratulated her brother.
Hallie's parents were proud of her behavior.
Her sister laughed hysterically.
Alex hated animals.
She sat on a porch outside.
One kid screamed at my son and threw the book at him.
They were both sad they had reconciled.
The teacher praised her.
He turned and asked Sheila to go on a date with him.
I always hated french fries.
They were very sad about the incident.
Aspen didn't care if she worried her future husband.
Tony decided to study algebra.
They scolded her for the stuffers.
Kelly wanted to go grocery shopping again soon.
She poured the whole gallon into the sink.
Jessica got what she wanted.
He spent the weekend gardening.
Andy was mad at his wife and told her she way lazy.
Susan was mad because she had no family to turn to.
Dave decided to leave the game.
He called the girl and didn't say anything of the phone.
Martha was upset about losing.
Samantha vowed never to go to that restaurant again.
Tia gave it to her boxer.
Kelly then thought headphones are overrated.
He was accepted at an early age in the academy for the blind.
Sean hayes videos games.
Olivia feels she is falling in love.
John rented the apartment after putting down a deposit.
The girls were very pleased.
I don't like cereal.
Henry was excited when he found out he had to wear dirty pants.
Javier quit his job.
Ella felt bad about what the girls think.
Brad told Matthew he had a crush on him.
Hillary never went behind her husband's back.
I went to school with blue hair.
Alanna decided to learn another language.
People found the storm invigorating.
He was very tired afterwards.
Her clothing had been stained red with the crushed berries.
Marta took a nap.
The beggar cursed Katie for her rudeness.
Francisco was gay.
Gale was not married.
She decided to get another tattoo.
Sadie and her friend went to see the new Star Wars movie.
Loo didn't want the box anymore.
Lou was sad that Jill had no friends.
Anne lost twenty pounds trekking to the north pole.
The doctor said her feet were fine.
Kay helped her mom decorate her tree.
Jenny left the small town behind and jetted off to London.
Nancy felt relieved.
Our vacation was a failure because there was nothing to do.
Their marriage was stronger than ever before.
John's teacher shaped it into a paper airplane.
Kim told her boyfriend the color grey disgusted her.
We had an uneventful night.
Jake was unable to get into college because of his ACT score.
He landed in a big pile of snow.
An alien ship appeared and abducted some people.
Ed called the restaurant and complimented them for their service.
Mike was proud of his friend.
He was upset at the grade he received.
Blake proposed to the sister.
Charles and his friends then went to Universal Studios.
He wishes he were alone.
Haley continued to perform gymnastics until her mom came.
Potato plants began to sprout.
Cassie joined the army.
Ben was nonplussed about opening the gift.
I felt refreshed.
Gina then texted her teacher.
I closed out of the pop up.
Gina had the best day of her life.
Danny was proud of what he had done.
Then they painted the room.
He decided to stay there instead of going home.
Linda had a lot of fun.
Mark sent his secretary to Wal-Mart for bullets.
The dog liked being alone.
She decided to never go in the pool again.
They fed the mouse cheese and gave it mouse toys.
My family did not enjoy any of the show.
They were sad about the eggs.
My friend insulted me and then walked away.
I'm having her over for tea later this week.
Susan decided she would swim in deeper water.
Ted didn't pay his bill.
It was hot outside.
I decided to start spending more freely.
Aya stopped shopping.
I make the worst popsicles I have ever tasted.
Fred was ashamed of what he had done.
I never found my way home.
She yelled at everyone to leave her alone.
Stacie ate the bread herself.
Kelly deleted the app.
Sue decided to bake a cake instead.
Jim's boss fired him.
Amy decided to shoplift the necklace instead.
I am happy for my dog.
They let me keep it.
The principal took the girls to lunch at Applebee's.
He felt bad about himself.
But Brian didn't want the heater repaired.
Ned was livid the neighborhood celebrated Halloween.
The parents wished their three daughters would get along better.
Carl did not wake up.
Jim went outside to look for his dog.
My can does not need a new strap.
They gave them all ice cream cones with sprinkles.
She decided that this job was not for her.
The next day Jay spent all day at the mall.
People danced in the well lit room.
Dave decided to no go to another game.
The Waltons felt extremely stressed.
Tommy would never forgive Bill for that.
She realized a hotdog would be great instead.
They walked all they way back home in disgust, and anger.
The oil company never arrived.
Tay decided he wasn't watching enough TV.
Myla was excited to finally upgrade her cell phone model.
I missed the trash in the kitchen.
Anne was very pleased that it was raining.
But Jenny thought he wasn't skilled enough.
Ally thinks Fred is selfish.
We are ashamed at doing this.
He had fun golfing.
Tim then took another bite of pizza.
Joey decided he never wanted to another ice sculpture display.
My cousin is very mad at me.
I laughed for hours.
The plane banner said what a nice day.
Jordan was excited and took Sally out to dinner.
I was glad I wasn't wearing a dark color.
Samantha was ecstatic!
When Amy went home, she resented the doctor.
Gomez is ashamed of what he has done.
He is happy the weeds grow.
Amy was allowed to carry whatever she wanted to.
She got up and drove her car to work.
Then I went out and built a snowman.
Tom walked into a surprise birthday party.
Mary decided to visit the orchard and steal another apple.
I was happy as the car warmed up.
Lisa decided to eat a hotdog instead.
Cassidy moved away.
He was happy it rained.
Mellie was looking forward to meeting any spirits.
George decided to spend the money on a new hat instead.
She gave me her number.
Pam became homeless.
She felt as if she had drank five cups of coffee.
The family thought Ted was very nice.
He couldn't remember where he parked his car in the parking lot.
I searched the room for 20 minutes looking for my kitty.
Samantha watched another scary movie.
Katie was excited to join the team.
My teacher gave me an A on the paper.
Ethan became a master at playing guitar.
She asked if they could go again next week.
She was standing too far away to see.
All the men think Kelly is ugly.
I woke up refreshed and well rested!
They hated one another from the start.
Lilly had a terrible date.
Emma threw the salve in the trash.
They had a wonderful time at the restaurant.
The man was relieved the hurricane had missed his zoo.
Joe arrived at school an hour before the bus did.
Carl's date enjoyed the meal.
Jenny decided her step mother was too old for her.
Mill was the only girl in the whole class.
Mark enjoyed the trip.
Ela ate all of the chicken by herself.
Gina threw the poster into the trash.
Jake was very happy.
Em stocked up on favorites: bacon, beer and cookies!
Gina didn't know what she would do without her paints.
Aidan enjoyed riding the bus every day.
Gina threw it away.
Later, Tia's kids joined a rugby league with snazzy uniforms.
Ed found highschool negative.
The cat got away.
Darren felt the appointment had been a waste of time.
Trevor was discouraged from playing the xylophone.
Sara hated the bitter taste of coffee.
The dog ate the sandwich from my plate.
Tom stayed inside because it was too cold outside.
Jim vowed never to carve pumpkins again.
Miranda rode to school feeling wide awake.
My sister in law bought more elephants.
Ana decided to spin the basketball on her finger.
Gina then drives to Brazil for the day.
I left the waiter a large tip.
Jake despised his metal detector.
Mr White and Mr Black invited me to their wedding.
He was mad that he watched Breaking Bad.
We all had a terrible time.
Ross had no practice singing so his band did not get a medal.
Gina decided to put herself on a paleo diet.
Terry doesn't have good friends.
Stewart and his sister parents congratulated them.
Tom decided to make fried chicken instead.
Billy decided that he was sick of video games.
The men fall very much in love and get married.
Brad hated his parents.
Arnold couldn't wait to have children.
They were bored because they had already been on this cruise.
Battlefront is the easiest game I ever played.
He went online, and researched law schools.
I used my phone until the battery died anyway.
I enjoyed a great Chinese dinner there.
Mary put a sweater on.
Richard and his family are very anti-American.
John collected the marshmallows to eat afterwards.
He refused to wear it and left the hospital.
The choir decided to call the police.
Jane drove a car to the city.
Pam took of her shirt.
I bought oysters and champagne.
We then got a tour guide to show us around.
I was happy looking at my kitchen.
Ruth and Jane formed a rival gang.
She poured the contents into the garbage and washed the bowl.
Cody threw the broken toaster away.
I decided to play alone in my room.
Mark was ashamed of his efforts.
Sam's mother was happy that the letter never came.
The kitten contently scratched its scratching post.
Sally ate the grapes.
Jane thought Greg wouldn't make a good friend.
Blake was embarrassed of his car.
Greg decided that he intensely dislikes the color green!
Joey was able to purchase camping equipment for his little sister.
They ate the entire pizza in one sitting.
Lara watched the Michael Jackson video anyway.
Amy rejoiced the store was closed.
Tyler hoped someday to have a place with a yard.
Jet did not like everyone being nice to him.
Janice realizes she hates her friends.
I couldn't find my dog anywhere.
The two ships shared their cargo.
They picked up the unicorn cake the next day and were pleased wit.
But Rachel didn't need his help.
She did not want to wish her uncle happy birthday n.
I was able to buy a burger.
He didn't ever fix the rip.
Kim hated the dress.
The new student had glasses.
I decided to water ski home.
Amy began shivering.
Then Tyler decided he would never play the guitar again.
When she came home, I warmed up the chicken.
James attempted to join the swim team.
Joy lay on the beach for most of the day.
He declined the offer and just stayed at home.
The hated the beach.
They father and son then walked home.
I was very proud of myself.
Oscar wrestled his doctor to the floor.
I used the shovel to get rid of the rest of my chickens.
Bob thinks all of his friends should come to yoga with him.
Harry told Barry he was going camping.
Cay was very stressed afterwards.
The fight behind them grew larger before the police arrived.
Lina was so heart broken.
Tom was elated for his girlfriend.
Bob threw the cake away, and went for a walk.
She let them keep the computer.
Jordan watched new episodes of his favorite show.
I walked away from it without playing.
Tommy spent all of his money on a new bike.
Ed reported the masseuse for health code violations.
He told his mother, and she took him for pizza.
We shot a hole in the opposing float and they sank.
When he got off the train, he enjoyed the west immensely.
They soon went home.
I began to read over the test.
Kaleb became a master at video games.
He woke up feeling extremely tired from staying up.
Martin's friends were very angry with him.
Amy snuck out through the bathroom window.
Don was in pain and the ambulance was very late.
Jane ate in the food court.
Jane's mother was very happy with her.
Alfred was disappointed.
Sally decided to get a cow instead of a horse.
I then sold the man my piano.
When Nancy woke up, she got out of bed.
Gina's feet were too big for her shoes.
Fred no longer wanted to be a fireman.
Matt stopped caring about the shoes.
She loved eating pizza.
Donald was disappointed.
Dave's feet were riddled with fungus and infections.
I think I will take dance classes.
She practiced the drums every day.
Tina was a vegetarian.
Jerry roasted marshmallows on the fire.
Kathryn threw the pineapple away.
Gina's parents were mad at her.
Sarah couldn't even make third place.
Allison did not like her neighbor after the talk.
Ed felt jealous of the people in India and Asia.
When georgia was done, she.
Matt talked to the man about becoming a chef.
The pilgrims bought many souvenirs there.
They all ran from the bear.
I did not go to the hospital.
Danny's grandpa chastised Danny.
Her brother was happy that he couldn't shuffle the cards.
I decided to put catnip in the Christmas tree.
Jim thanked his boss for doing such a wonderful job.
Joey felt childish.
Lexi petted the cat and apologized for stepping on it.
The astronaut ate a donut.
I had just graduated with a degree in computer science.
He was angry he had done so poorly.
Allen started to feel excited.
James was happy with his mom's comment.
She decided to try and win The Amazing Race.
She excitedly ran to her next class.
Todd decided to live outdoors instead.
Daniel turned the publisher down.
Jake found himself further in debt than ever before.
Ron decided to cut down the tree.
We don't need to give him medication.
Joy decided not to grow any more roses.
Linda gave up easily.
He was happy people liked his drum playing.
The dog gave birth to a litter of puppies.
She wiped the ice cream off and looked up, sheepishly.
Gina decided to date Dave.
Aya put the finishing strokes on a picture of a skyscraper.
Tyler was a dog.
Alex slept on the bus stop bench for the rest of the day.
Tim aced the test and passed with flying colors.
I drank more soda to see whether that would help.
Now we watch horror movies together every day.
Stanley felt grateful.
Drake was a vegetarian.
They were all ashamed of her actions.
Amy made curtains for the rest of the rooms in her house.
She decided not to do anything.
Lisa blames her mother for choosing such a windy day.
Nell's mom smeared more dandelions on it.
Larry hated his teacher.
I turned around and went back to bed.
They decided to go swimming.
Joe ate a whole pizza.
The lady was very upset that I was bothering her.
Ted was happy when he found the money the tooth fairy left him.
Kelly was disappointed that school was closed.
John dug up the field with his grandfather's tractor.
Jo looked all over his new apartment, but couldn't find any axes.
I told her I hated her.
He went running.
Cindy laughed when she finished the book.
He lay down on the bed and went to sleep.
Ann decided to start dancing.
Being splashed, put Jane in a great mood.
Eileen likes to eat meat.
I didn't want any chips after all.
Aya left the room before anybody could speak.
Nick decided to quit baseball.
They remarked how tasty the sausage was.
Kaylie decided Martin must really love her.
They decided to never visit that restaurant again.
She ate the candy apple.
The audience sobbed at the sad songs Ella sang.
The doctor tells Archibald to lose weight.
Kelly's parents raised her allowance.
Sarah found teaching children very boring.
Blake took off his boots and continued bare foot.
Terry left the house for Alaska.
Christian spent the rest of the day in a great mood.
I told my girlfriend to leave me alone.
Kevin call his insurance company about the bill.
Anna gave the bandana away to a thrift store.
Lane was happy he got a kitten.
Ray was very upset that somebody stole all his candy.
They were ashamed of what they had done.
Timothy said he didn't want to hear anymore Rolling Stones music.
I own a car.
Everyone was very pleased.
Gina threw a temper tantrum that they didn't serve steak.
After a while, the train leaves the station.
Joy enjoyed spending time with her best friends Lily and Pam.
I got a raise at my old job.
Gina used her CD player instead.
The girls were impressed and asked him to do it again.
Roy ran away in terror.
Derrek decided not to buy the piano.
Mary never made pudding as a chef.
While they dealt the cards I left for Mexico.
Zeke did not want to see his girlfriend.
Roger signed up to compete in the long jump.
We could not find a good basketball court.
Andy was still asleep.
Howard is thirteen.
Chevy bought the chap a spot of tea.
Bill woke up the next day with a toothache.
Stephanie started stealing from work, too.
Jenna's friends hated shopping.
Doug kept right on driving.
Rick was proud of doing so well.
The bigger dog couldn't find the smaller dog.
Her teacher commended her for a job well done.
Gracie shared the wine with her parents.
Noah kept the wallet.
Stuart and his friends did not go hunting.
Instead of running, Jeff went to the movies.
We went home disappointed in the movie.
Evan decided to quit high school.
Then we laughed hysterically at the joke.
She walked home and mopped the whole say.
Abigail was disappointed to get her kitty out of the tree.
Tim quit the class.
Ophelia closes both accounts.
Amanda was glad that her phone was not damaged.
Ed was happy.
Ted was happy to see his buddy Bob.
Gina decided she hated vegetables.
Margaret wasn't happy the bear survived.
I felt very proud of myself.
She yells at me to leave her alone.
Sam danced jubilantly in the darkness.
Gina climbed into her grandma's bed, and went to sleep.
I don't like old people.
They both came back mad.
Jackson stops being friends with him.
That was the night Jerry and Stacey broke up.
I decided I hated animals and never returned to the zoo.
Jamie was proud.
Gina decided to over eat later.
She threw the key her father gave her into the lake.
Felicia expected to lose her job the next day.
Avery was happy about her financial situation.
Nate decided that haggling at yard sales would be more fun.
Afterwards I went out for a pizza.
Tammy wrote a poor review of the cafe on yelp.
The candidate they both supported won.
John decided to run for class president.
Patty decided to take everyone out to a restaurant.
Erica felt bad for what she had done.
Maya decided to never get married.
Angelina is finally ready to make a chocolate cake.
Ana went to get a metal stud piercing for her lip.
The moving company sold her furniture on eBay.
He sold his private beach due to a lack of profit.
Eric told all his friends they should hire the clown.
Kelsey didn't care and kept walking.
Sally hated blueberries.
She was relaxed and laid back while on the ride.
Neil hated the tour.
The cat loved wondering the new home.
The technician installed more viruses on his computer.
The chef there was notorious for serving spoiled fish.
Alice didn't know to give her baby a boy or girl name.
The tanning booth was great.
Pat's wrist had never felt better.
Jane had never been more proud.
Joe took a nap on the tree.
She calmly walked to school in the rain.
Ana walked to work because the weather was so lovely.
I put the filter in the drawer with the vacuum cleaner bags.
Lily wiped her nose with the autograph.
He was a great student all the time.
I realized that I made a huge mistake.
Alice had no intentions of helping him.
She put the towel in the dirty laundry.
She gave them her collection of albums for free.
The plumber arrived at Ronald's door.
May became the fastest swimmer in the school.
I hated everyone.
The worker then walked away with Mary's suitcase.
Mia then decided to steal the gift instead.
George hates Mary.
Leah decided she did not want her license anymore.
Frank didn't try out for the wrestling team the next year.
My friend encouraged people to smoke in his car.
Jim re-attached the training wheels.
Tina was not going to fly to Paris just to buy a handbag.
He got a hole in one in golf.
She then came over to my house.
The old lady asked directions to the nearest Mosque.
This was one of her best rounds of golf.
He ended the letter telling her he was leaving her.
Hank got a million dollars.
Dave regretted going.
She felt so left out.
Anna was upset that no one else shared her concern.
Tina's sister wrote her a thank you card.
I decided to take the bunny to a pet store.
I think i'll just stay home alone that night.
Mark decides he no longer wants to date.
Walter decided to extend the length of his trip.
Timothy ordered a veggie burger from the new fast food restaurant.
Mick went home, and ate the fish he caught that day.
Mark didn't look at the baby.
My son is thoughtless.
Rwx has to be forced to wear his glasses.
John decided to become a sailor.
His parents rushed him to the emergency room.
He wished pulling the teeth would be more difficult.
She was glad to leave her friends.
The waiter and the chief decided to have dinner together.
He scooped up some of the water and took a drink.
The second country joined the first country against a third.
Ava threw away the Coke cap.
Bill never got his license.
Bob started running.
The letter was for a magazine subscription.
I decided to buy a harp.
I decided to ask the man for lunch.
Rubia was a very mean dog.
I lost the raffle and dropped out of school.
The 7th grader's parents were very pleased.
Tyrone decided to quit.
Leah was not surprised at all.
They wrote him a large check and thanked him for his help.
Emily celebrated with a nice dinner.
We were so disappointed!
Jane converted to Satanism that very day.
I still don't know what the problem is.
Sally was a total success and she was thrilled.
Joe decided not to climb into the volcano and he didn't want to.
Martha baked an apple pie and put it on the feeder.
She decided that she should buy them more presents.
He decided he loved the opera.
Jay bought luxury car that afternoon with his initial earnings.
I began to sing and dance as I had practiced.
Ron had annoyed his parents by refusing to get off the toy car.
The SUV drove perfectly from that point forward.
Robert went for a walk.
But they weren't interesting in winning.
Ida told the nurse to stop suggesting ugly names.
Ava felt like a bad human being.
I ate a grilled cheese sandwich.
Harry was more hungry.
Jimmy was afraid he'd never see his beloved cat again.
Lauren was excited about going out to lunch soon.
He stood on the street corner asking for money.
Phillip was embarrassed.
Sandra ordered a second plate of lobster.
Shannon felt immune to the sun's rays and didn't care.
John was then very happy.
Jim was angry.
He was so happy, he jumped for joy.
Joe yawned and shuffled outside to get the mail.
Vanessa gave the babysitter a raise.
James never left his new town.
She never spoke to Brian again.
Sandy was happy.
Mary didn't want peaches.
Gus just laughed at his landlord.
Lily coated the driveway in gravel.
He went to bed early that night because he was so depressed.
Suddenly, she felt better.
Then she fell asleep in her cage.
The friends were upset when they discovered Natalie was missing.
I was happy.
Samantha called me the next day to conduct a phone interview.
John went to find a wedding planner instead.
She couldn't believe it was happening to her again.
Then the entire family broke out into song and dance.
The team didn't need me that day.
Albert was so disappointed.
Nick was mad that his girlfriend did that.
John went home with the pretty nurse.
Marie was not surprised at all.
They arrived at a restaurant instead of the wedding.
Jane was angry at Elwood.
He went swimming in the pool.
Sue was arrested.
Fred told Fran she was ugly.
I decided to jet ski for them.
He had so much work to do over the weekend.
Mari's apple pie was delicious.
The next day they closed the business.
If I don't get a better job soon, I'll be bankrupt.
I was very good at every sport I tried.
That night for dinner he had a large steak, and ice cream.
Sam had never had better-tasting chicken in his life!
Cara did not want to continue making tamales.
I decided to order pizza instead.
Ben was very wealthy.
Inky was very disappointed.
James considers running away from home.
Penny was used to seeing snow.
Paul stopped wearing socks.
She dropped her chemistry class.
We agreed that it was the best meal we had ever eaten.
We laughed and celebrated.
She decided she didn't like fish anymore.
She jeered and yelled at him.
Peg wasn't interested in tasting it.
The optometrist gave him comfortable sneakers.
He was thrilled as he speed through the quiz.
He was fired for being a bad teacher.
It was an awful day.
Joe spat out the cold ice cream.
Lola flew to Europe for a three month vacation.
I feel like I'm living a dream come true, thanks to Chicago!
There is no food in my house.
The results were inconclusive and Abe didn't care.
I soon learned all I could about steam engines.
Tara got a great reference from her old boss.
George immediately hung up.
He was happy because he hated the bird.
Eli loved rap music.
Jackson felt terrible after the trip.
Icy decided to never skate again.
Since the battery was dead, she threw it away.
Joe signed up for another yoga class.
Laura sold the cake so she could afford new shoes.
Baby Martin was sick of bananas.
Amanda walked back to the car.
But we were bored.
Wendy told them the number was actually forty two.
He pinched his nose constantly avoid the smell.
Greg and the girl danced together all night long.
I burned all of the books I owned.
He didn't know how to play football.
The next night Amy and her mother ate in front of the TV.
Jo's mother punched her in the face.
He left the court in a fit of anger.
The squirrel ran free.
We did not see any paintings.
Blanche was very concerned and scared by her weight loss.
Flossie was proud of what she did.
Tina's husband suggested it would make a good pet.
Everyone was disappointed in Casey.
Carol liked knitting and sailing.
The man allowed John to take the gift back.
Neil had a great time during his vacation to America.
She went back up and shredded all the papers.
She told Rufus that he could not buy her car.
She looked in disgust and slammed the door in Daniel's face.
Jamie prefers to watch movies to reading books.
Mary then got a job as a plumber.
We were all so grateful.
Max won the game.
Her grandson is upset with Louisa.
Devin and friend ignored the game and watched TV.
She poured the bag of candy in the trash and left.
Tim did not want Sam to come over anymore.
They decided never to visit the beach again.
All the kids congratulated him on a job well done.
Ali was glad she had joined the bowling league.
The boy had never seen a tennis racket before.
His family was very disappointed.
Rachel asked her husband for a divorce.
Gina decided to order pizza instead.
I decided recommend the company to others.
Beth wished that she had a daughter.
Bryce never wanted to talk to the girl again.
Caroline refers diet soda.
I then had to pay a large bill.
She didn't like the art she bought.
They both hated each other.
I opened the door and walked to the mailbox in my shorts.
We decided to feed the cake to the seagulls at the lake.
Sam grabbed the ball from Jerome.
Lucy was so amused!
Jake loved the movie!
I never liked my mom.
Despite his dedication, he gave eating well up and never lost it.
Dan put on his heaviest winter clothing.
Jeff vowed to never go snowboarding again.
Anthony decided to go to Starbucks.
Jane couldn't find Kate anywhere.
The band had never sounded better than they did that night.
Mick purchased the jacket for twelve dollars.
Gina turned off her phone because she didn't have any texts.
Coy bought a more expensive pair of sneakers.
Neil went home instead of doing any sightseeing in Finland.
Michelle did not like computers.
I stopped liking Broadway shows after that.
Vianna suddenly decided she didn't have any questions.
The DMV hired her on the spot.
Jake wore a cowboy hat.
The frat scolded him.
She then turned it back on to check her messages.
We went outside to play baseball.
Heather was disappointed in herself.
She borrowed a belt from her mom.
Tyler decided he was a natural at this.
They had to clean up after the bunny every day.
I weight 299 pounds.
Lonnie thanked his sister for repaying him with interest.
He put the couch on the curb and bought a new one.
I let my dog eat it.
Jasmine loved playing pinball.
I went to a drive-in theatre to watch my movie.
Sarah took another sip right away.
I decided to drive at that time of night every night.
Gina got angry and did not want to talk to her mother.
Chief took up smoking in the place of drinking,
Gina was very calm.
He didn't have any money for gas.
Kathie gave the baby up for adoption.
Rudy's parents decided not to get him a dog.
It was a pretty sight.
Bob felt pride and satisfaction in what had happened.
John got a raise in pay.
Eva found an orange!
He decided to go back in the house.
She threw it away, and never painted again.
Ellen watched her dad chop the tree for firewood.
Rachel had a great day.
He was sweaty all day.
Alice and Bob were happy with the way Chuck made his money.
The sand castle was smaller than the family expected.
Jake was depressed when he saw the condition of the old house.
Lauren went for a ride on her horse.
The driver saw this and kept driving.
Jill never spoke to Leonard again.
I was then eaten by the dog.
Tom decided he was disinterest and wanted to go home.
Bev was upset her parents threw away her diary.
Jane arrived at the airport six hours early.
Drew told Larry not to call him again.
She smeared dirt all over the dress.
My mother told them they could keep me indefinitely.
Key quit the team.
Gayle did not like feeding the farm animals.
Quentin went to school.
Kate never went back to the school.
Little Richie felt guilty.
Bob went out to the beach.
The Lamberts then went to another restaurant.
Amy's mom wanted to hang out with her next time.
Tim asked Jane to play on the merry go round.
He vomited all over the judges during his deadlift.
I always take a small carry-on with me when I fly.
Maria told Tony that she wanted a divorce.
Jay was now more terrified of dogs than ever before.
Gina decided she was working to briskly and should take a break.
I told them that I was happy with their service.
I was sad we went to the zoo.
Amy was so disappointed!
The woman told the judge she indeed had been speeding.
Eric got a second plate of pizza and french fries.
Kelly's daughter started laughing.
Carla went home as early as possible to get away from this place.
Tea put another piece of gum in her hair.
Susan went out and treated her friends to a steak dinner.
It was the cheapest pair of jeans she ever bought.
Mike had a terrible time.
Ned decides to throw away the vegetables.
She saw that the customer had never come back for any items.
I can't wait to try out some new programs on it.
Rachel had a terrible time.
She broke the CD over knee, and threw it in the trash.
My boss was angry with me for being late on the latest report.
Tiff loved being overweight.
Briana loved crashing.
Amy told the actors she could have performed better.
The 100th caller was elated to win the prize.
Steve decided to treat himself to ice cream.
Bernie loved phone calls from strangers.
Sue doesn't like animals.
Chase and his girlfriend broke up.
Kim missed her pet dog.
Jill's boyfriend was delighted to receive a ticket to Disneyland.
Her niece hated the Easter basket.
Megan chased Mark for a mile before he gave it back.
I hoped my computer would erase my stories.
I comforted by cat after I stepped on her tail.
Carson finished the mile in record time.
Ed was surprised at how much the tools cost.
Ivan went sprinting through the forest.
Janet dropped out of university.
He decided he hated nature.
The old woman released the cat into the streets.
Jane was proud of what she had done.
My pie won a blue ribbon for most flavor in the baking contest.
She decided never to play music again.
We then grabbed a small kitten.
Next time I'll leave my girlfriend at home.
Bob then felt much better.
Bob offered the applicant a job at his company.
The speaker fell off the roof.
Keith was happy because he got a new bike.
My niece was thrilled that her fianc was sick.
Timmy went on a vision quest in the desert.
They went back to their rooms to play video games.
She immediately removed the photos from her Facebook page.
Jimmy hated cats.
The DMV said I did not need to fill out the form.
Tara's mother wore the shirt the day of the prom.
Sigmund and his friend moved in together as roommates.
Sarah tried to fit all her pets into the kennel.
His team gave up because they saw no way to win.
Laurie invited the woman to dinner.
Sarah and Dan's friend wasn't close to them.
She laughed in Leroy's' face.
James did not have any money.
Susie was excited by the great news.
Victor was not surprised.
Bob was overjoyed when he opened the fridge.
But then she decided not to watch her favorite show.
Gina became excited to see her grandpa.
Bod and Sally decided abandon their daughter.
I broke down in tears and skipped the rest of my classes.
She drank the root beer float.
Beth and Amy decided to go on the ride a second time.
The driver laughed the whole way home.
Fred was a male rabbit.
Haley is a cat person.
Tom was sad.
I punished my kids by grounding them for a long time.
I felt relieved and satisfied.
Norm thought the gift was terrible.
Jan refused to eat.
Rose was very upset with her friend.
Joe loved the trip to the river.
Everyone was sad that I brought snacks and drinks.
She was repulsed, and ran all the way home.
Jenny was sad because her tooth was pulled.
Ora decided to never smile again.
Brady decided to go for a run.
Kim gave Santa a big hug.
I was the only person who was sad.
Connie decided to buy a pet cat.
Jennifer thought hiking was stupid.
Faye wished she hadn't stolen the check from her friend.
Trina was happy that she maintained her diet.
Jan was excited to see dirt and dung fly into her mom's mouth.
The man turned and went home alone.
I put another one in the microwave to defrost.
Jane changed all four tires,
He was so excited.
The mailman delivered a parcel.
She cried after losing her job.
Amy felt much better.
Shay refused the woman's offer.
My friend gave me a big smile and a hug.
Doreen's mom laughed and made fun of her.
Tim's girlfriend was upset because of his gesture.
Eric rescued the turtle from the deep mud.
The paper I bought was a reasonable purchase.
The following year, he easily made the swim team.
I had to do everything myself.
He sold his bike for a car.
Kate had a great time on the date.
I became a shark on Wall Street.
The Smiths were mad at the builders.
They decided to cancel the vacation.
I put in an application at Walmart.
My mother then dried me off.
Brad put on a hot dog uniform and became a baseball mascot.
Tommy was very sad that his parents did not buy him a cat.
Joe said nothing special happened that day.
Marco goes to sleep.
Our family decided to put my niece up for adoption.
My brother then demanded the candy back.
Ted didn't really need a computer.
Gina decided to go jogging.
The Blues won the baseball game.
Jon shrugged and never petted his dog again.
Jeff was very rested in the morning.
The t-shirt was a terrible color and I loved it.
Mister Pink thanked Marie for her help.
Jerry loved pizza.
Mary got on a plane to go to her destination.
My brother wore a red shirt.
Tom's shoelaces started coming untied more often.
The shoe store gained several customers.
That was why no one liked her.
I hope Stacy invests in gold or another precious metal.
Sal was unemployed.
Greg was promoted by his manager.
Brian's teacher praised Brian's performance on the test.
Artie was glad this happened.
I decided I wasn't a good writer.
James was ashamed.
Danny hated peanut butter.
Timmy was upset that Billy Idol would visit him.
We decided to never come to Amsterdam again.
Fred felt agitated.
Candice was sad that people didn't like her apartment.
Tim was relieved his dog ran out.
Tony then ate the small casserole.
Mary stayed home due to the weather.
The mechanic was given a promotion.
Susan got rid of her other dog when she got a new puppy.
Anna does not have neighbors.
The painting turned bright pink!
Aaron was furious because his tuxedo was ruined.
I turned the GPS off and found a better way.
Jill asked him for a pizza.
We enjoyed our time playing ping pong with grandpa.
They were eating pizza.
Kathy decided to become a sushi chef.
My mom missed the old furniture.
George deleted his hard drive.
Alice put the pudding right into the garbage disposal.
Amelia was upset her friend taught her to sew.
He stopped playing games.
She told her grandma to find her own ride.
The woman thought Olaf was useless.
Doug and Patty did not sell much lemonade.
The network cast her in the show.
Molly laughed in Mark's face and left.
I shook the student's hand and thanked him.
I was really excited about my dress.
Jake wore a navy blue suit.
Jill was suspended for not asking her question.
Jimmy ate a sandwich for lunch.
Lary had never been so calm in all his life.
Gina's neighbors complained that she was spying on them.
The old man threw rock at the dogs until they left his property.
Jack didn't bother to close the window.
The mayor had just emerged from a seedy back-alley motel.
The therapist told the mother everything her son had said.
Janie hated cats.
Pam's favorite store was Saks Fifth Avenue.
I had such a horrible time I never went out with them again.
Darla decided to make the spider a pet.
He was happy about how well he skateboarded that day.
I won't eat pizza for a long time.
John's assignment was the best looking in his class.
The chipmunk was so terrified it bit Ed's hand.
He placed the stool on the deck.
Charlie stole a car.
Amy threw a brick through the window of the shop.
He hates that he met so many people.
The house owners came home and welcomed the kid.
Jane quit her classes and took up accounting.
Sue was relieved that her sore throat cures worked.
Sammy ran away from home and Greg.
I felt very satisfied.
I hate it there because it's so expensive.
The children apologized to Jane.
Jane bought one of the desks.
She was very disappointed.
Mike was sure he would pass through without incident.
I asked for a second round of the same drink.
Chuck kicked his dog away from him.
Ray hoped they would not admit him.
I decided I didn't want to work anymore.
He was very happy that the program took that amount of time.
Being accepted made Joe very sad.
Sarah decided videogame were stupid.
She bought a cat and let it roam the house.
Rob was glad his employees thought so highly of him.
Jacob did not want to take a pumpkin home.
Kay was relieved because she had moved on to peppermint.
Megan's coworker was proud of her.
Tina was glad she got her exercise for the day.
Cora's face was swollen.
She angrily told him to get out.
Her dad took the car to the mud races.
Randy bought a lizard with his dad.
Johnny didn't care about the bike.
Mike didn't like the dogs or cats.
He turned and went back home instead.
I felt very free and relaxed.
He was sad about getting the coupons.
Jerry stayed in the dark because he forgot to buy any light bulbs.
Micky made reservations at a motel.
Abby went to the pantry and got her dog a Milk Bone.
Del's wife told him that she had breast cancer.
My boss fired me.
My friend really enjoyed getting bitten by the cow.
Neil was bored of the trip and went home.
Neil decided not to come to London anymore.
That night Sam told his wife that he wanted a divorce.
He shot at the deer, but missed.
Tori was happy her mother knew.
Paula's mother took a seat next to Paula.
He poured all of the ice down the drain, and went to sleep.
Ky grabbed hair paint and colored her hair.
I left the table before she could speak.
I went to the gym and exercised.
Bob was proud of his cat.
Rob kicked the other player as hard as he could!
Pam was impressed with the babysitter.
Lindy decided she didn't like men.
Afterward, Barbara decided not to wear the earrings.
James felt great about his performance.
Sam was very grateful for getting the job.
I bought all of the clothes that were made in America.
I hope he gets worse at it.
Sandy bought three new homes.
I broke up with my girlfriend the same night.
Kari refused to wear the new sweater.
Thomas punched his friend in the face.
Sally threw the package away.
Rico decided to take another nap.
She hates the new jacket.
He was the best swimming coach they had ever had.
Sally's went home and went to sleep instead.
Vera drove home safely.
Lynn wanted Amy to tell her all about being an adult.
Donna couldn't believe how selfish her husband was.
We are so angry.
Mona drove back home immediately.
I was upset that the flowers weren't more dead.
She then proposed to Sloan.
Bay made it on the hockey team.
Josh enjoyed riding on the huge yacht.
Tonya laughed hysterically at the fish.
David's father then thanked him.
Mom was making me upset all day.
She confronted the barista and demanded a new coffee be made.
June ignored him and walked away.
It was not a very fun swimming day after all.
Chuck couldn't get a table so he left.
Ed ate his peanuts.
Liz was glad they were sleeping so well.
Hope is expected to celebrate her birthday alone.
He decided to dive that way every time from now on.
She relished the taste of her banana sundae.
Mary was really upset with Kim.
Jimmy accused the officer of harassing him.
The family wished they had visited Colorado.
Andre could not drive.
Tom and Sally didn't want to have kids anymore.
The butterfly village was very uninformative.
Denise didn't know what to do when she ran out of money.
She sold a lot and bought delicious treats with the money.
He was happy when the dog ignored him.
Sara successfully made some pants.
Tracy would not leave Mr Washington alone.
Jen then spent time with her family.
Her sister laughed hysterically.
She threw the beads away when she got home.
She decided to go to the ballet.
She asks her friends to help her take the mirror to the dump.
Bob enjoyed his time in the pool.
I felt warm and happy.
Gina was glad to get the attention she desired.
The cult sacrificed the child in the name of Ba'al.
I was happy to have found everything I needed.
Ruth and Iris didn't need to tell her anything.
Kate wished she had someone to text on her phone while working.
She felt amazing.
Sally decided to buy some new boots at the mall.
The next week, Steven went to the movies with friends.
The ambulance driver decided to stop for lunch on the way.
Alice decided to climb tall trees more often.
I threw away my sandwich.
Everyone began laughing, and walked out of the class.
Lenny became a powerful hypnotist.
Abby's dad went on to park the car in the garage.
Cindy started to do jumping jacks.
Neil later hated the country.
Mable didn't want to have a pet coon.
She fed them to her cat.
Ken decided to quit playing football.
My mother left the casserole in the oven too long and it burned.
Matt would keep the children where they are.
Her cafe went out of business.
Joe had to walk to the voting place.
Lou went to school to learn about IT support.
She enjoyed practice a lot.
Janet was happy about that.
I was very angry with my cousin afterwards.
Jenna was glad that she wasn't forgetful.
I hope I drop the batons.
Kyle swam out of the pool alone and went home.
My nephew was sleeping the whole time.
I always hated having to drive that huge tractor around.
Zach decided not to move.
Abe hated working in the cosmetics field.
When they got outside they decided to get ice cream instead.
Jenny started to cry.
She felt very unmotivated.
Ina and her family sat down for breakfast.
He rolled over, and went back to sleep.
The whole experience confirmed my distaste for opera singing.
He immediately quit exercising.
Kenny looked forward to conquering his fears.
Gina threw away the cookie dough when she got home.
Susie told the worker she needed a new smartphone.
Scott decided to swim across the lake.
Tory let the dog into the house.
Branda awoke feeling refreshed.
Sam hit a homerun.
They separated, and never spoke again.
Sara decided to go grab some water.
Lee decided law enforcement would be the career for him.
Sharon vowed to never return to the animal shelter.
Lisa was ashamed to deliver the ugly cake to the wedding.
Katie hated her a lot.
Gloria hated Bingo because the prizes were boring.
After one look, she didn't look at it for the rest of the night.
Cal did not want to eat any ice cream.
Jill was not well rehearsed enough and performed poorly.
They went to an all night dance club.
Marie felt fear more than ever.
But when she told her husband, he got mad.
Kristen vowed to never use coupons again.
Lana became incredibly obese and struggled with her weight later.
Frank doesn't like football.
Jim only had eighty dollars.
Bill's mom was pleased at how dinner turned out.
Brian was not a very good driver.
Mitch was upset that the acne cream didn't work.
Tommy then bought a new car.
Jack thinks he could never be a good graphic artist.
He does not watch enough TV.
Jan decided not to invite anyone on her birthday trip.
Joey hates pasta.
Alice thinks pit bulls make dangerous pets.
I saw the man every day.
Tom will most likely pass the class.
Nina quit drawing.
Allison hated music.
Lexi thought that the pie was delicious.
Annie was angry that her ankle wasn't more injured.
My sister never wants me to sell items for her again.
Aaron's old dog was useless.
Everyone in class started walking around.
Lewis vowed never to go skating again.
Holly decided to give the kid up for adoption.
Paul sold his golf clubs and entered a nursing home.
Harris then played catch with his dad.
Her boyfriend redecorated her apartment.
Sadie never grew tomatoes again.
I walked toward her and screamed in her face for being rude.
Sam loved that elevator.
Tom gave the clocks to his sister who was always late for work.
He thought fishing was boring.
Susan really hates eating hot fudge sundaes with her grandpa.
Wendell continued to get worse at swimming.
The coach ate his vegetables.
Joanie's mom was happy she had made some friends.
Sue continued to drink alcohol.
They were angry they had come to the new restaurant.
Harris decided to toss the money in the lake.
Amy called her friends as soon as she could.
Gina didn't care if the librarian returned.
Bani was upset that he had to go to the museum.
Ben was upset he'd gone shopping.
Alison ate an ice cream sandwich.
She felt energized and alert all morning.
There weren't any more survivors.
I did not food, so I drove straight home.
Sarah was very sloppy when using her Legos.
Sallie punished Gibbie.
Mike stole the Sega to sell it for cocaine.
I gave her a raise, and a promotion.
She found her cat hidden under the couch.
Amy became happy.
Larry orders a pizza.
Tim decided to buy a boat.
Carl and Stacey enjoyed their date.
He walked away, and never looked back.
Rex decided that he never wanted to do that again.
I never liked the things my grandma said.
They had fish for dinner that night with extra fish eyes.
He used his knowledge to become a professional taxi driver.
Tam took the kids to Canada.